feat: Da sequencer, add state propagation (#1226)
movementlabsxyz/movement: docs/movement-node/run-fullnode/README.md

# Full Node

> Full Nodes are nodes start all the function to send transaction, sync with the Da-Sequencer and execute streamed block. It provides RPC and Tx indexer grpc service too. This document provides instructions on how to set up a Full Node to sync with the Da Sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full Nodes are nodes which start all the functions to send transactions, sync with the Da-Sequencer and execute streamed blocks. It provides RPC and indexer grpc services too. This document provides instructions on how to set up a Full Node to sync with the Da Sequencer.
```
